Update EGU22 PyGMT short course information (#131)
GenericMappingTools/website: workshops/index.rst

Upcoming Workshops
------------------

2022-05-24 | Crafting beautiful maps with PyGMT at EGU General Assembly 2022
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

* **Title:** Crafting beautiful maps with PyGMT
* **Instructors:** Wei Ji Leong, Leonardo Uieda, Meghan Jones, Andre Luiz Belem
* **When:** 24 May 2022, 13:10-14:40 (UTC) / 15:10-16:40 (CEST)
* **Where:** Online
* **Repository:** https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/egu22pygmt
* **EGU Session info:** https://meetingorganizer.copernicus.org/EGU22/session/43186
* **Application Portal:** https://egu22.eu/register_and_venue/registration.html

This short course is geared towards geoscientists interested in creating beautiful maps using Python.
Only basic Python knowledge is needed, and a background in cartography is not required to use PyGMT effectively!
The 1.5 hour long short course will be based on content adapted from https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/2021-unavco-course
and https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/foss4g2019oceania. Each of the 30 minute sessions will involve a

> quick (~10 minute) walkthrough by the speaker, followed by a more hands-on session in breakout rooms where tutorial

Author: Cc @leouieda, @meghanrjones, @andrebelem. Since our EGU22 short course duration is now 1hr 30min (90mins), does it make sense to have 3x 30min chunks? Or a 10min intro + 4x 20min sessions? What do you all think?

Reviewer: Sorry for my delay here ! @weiji14 I like the format 10+4x20. Last time I made something similar in python it worked well. It means we can work on blocks with enought time to show several application cases.
What do you think ? and @leouieda and @meghanrjones ?

Reviewer 2: 10 min intro + 4x20 min sessions sounds good to me, though I think we could adjust this as needed when creating the content. Should we schedule a zoom or gather.town get-together on our own to include in this website announcement? It doesn't sound like the EGU virtual only events will have any automatic interactive component.

Author: Ok, looks like 10+4x20 has 3 points, but we'll still need to check with @leouieda if he's ok with doing the 1 out of 4 :wave:

An after-workshop get-together sounds good, I didn't attend vEGU21 last year, but I heard there was a gather.town. Could we just use that instead? Not quite sure how it would work to be honest.

Reviewer 3: Sorry, missed this thread completely. Are we doing separate recordings and then merging them for the upload? I can do 20 min, no problem. What’s the deadline for this?

Author: Yep, we'll probably do separate recordings and merge them together. I've decided we should have an individual deadline on Friday 6 May 2022 to upload the recording, see the thread at https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/egu22pygmt/issues/1 for more details.

Reviewer 3: 👍🏽

> and https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/foss4g2019oceania. Each of the 30 minute sessions will involve a
> quick (~10 minute) walkthrough by the speaker, followed by a more hands-on session in breakout rooms where tutorial
> participants work on the topic (using interactive Jupyter notebooks) in a guided environment with one of four instructors
> on hand to answer questions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/foss4g2019oceania. The session will consist of a 10 minute
introduction followed by four 20 minute sessions, each of which will include demonstrations using
interactive Jupyter notebooks. Participants will be able to follow along with the demonstration using
online computing environments and will be provide a separate opportunity to engage with the other
participants and workshop leaders.
```

Author: Thanks Meghan! I've modified the text a little bit but mostly kept the details intact.
